fix: man pages part 2 (#910)
flox/flox: cli/flox/doc/flox-push.md

# NAME

flox-push - send environment to FloxHub

# SYNOPSIS

```
flox [ <general-options> ] push
     [-d=<path>]
     [-o=<owner>]
     [-f]
```

# DESCRIPTION

Move an environment's manifest to FloxHub or sync local changes to an
environment to FloxHub.

> After pushing, the remote environment can be referred to as `<owner/name>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After pushing, the remote environment can be referred to as `<owner>/<name>`.
```

> A path environment contains a manifest file and lock file stored locally and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A path environment contains a manifest file and lock file which are stored locally and are
```
Personal preference, but I think this sounds better.

Author: Adding `which are` but not the second `are`

possibly committed to version control.
Pushing the environment moves the manifest and lock file to FloxHub,

> and only a reference to the revision of the environment is stored locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
leaving a reference to the revision of the environment stored locally.
```
Personal preference

Author: Fixing

Once the environment has been pushed, it can be used directly with the

> `--remote` option,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--remote` option
```

Author: That would make the sentence a run-on

# NAME

flox-push - send environment to FloxHub

# SYNOPSIS

```
flox [ <general-options> ] push
     [-d=<path>]
     [-o=<owner>]
     [-f]
```

# DESCRIPTION

> Move a path environment to FloxHub or push local changes to a managed

Author: Fixed

environment to FloxHub.

After pushing, the remote environment can be referred to as `<owner/name>`.

> A path environment contains a manifest file and lock file stored locally and
> possibly committed to version control.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A path environment contains a manifest file and lock file stored locally
and possibly committed to version control.
```

Author: I'm not sure what your reasoning is for this? Are you thinking it's sembr, and if so can you point me at a rule?

Reviewer 2: Yeah sembr, rule 6 I guess

Author: `stored locally and possibly committed to version control` is a phrase that's part of the clause that makes up the entire sentence, so rule 6 doesn't apply. And rule 6 is optional

Pushing the environment moves the manifest and lock file to FloxHub,
and only a reference to the revision of the environment is stored locally.

> Once the environment has been pushed, it is called a managed environment.

Reviewer 2: suggestion(nb): add emphasis, this is a rather significant change
```suggestion
Once the environment has been pushed, it is called a *managed environment*.
```

> Changes can be made to managed environments locally,
> and flox stores those changes in `$XDG_DATA_HOME`.
> Those changes are then synced to FloxHub when `flox push` is run.

Reviewer 2: suggestion: add the entire path to floxmeta dirs, or omit path entirely

```suggestion
Changes can be made to managed environments locally,
and flox stores those changes in `$FLOX_DATA_DIR/meta/<owner>`.
Those changes are then synced to FloxHub when `flox push` is run.
```

suggestion: mention that you can now only use `flox edit` or imperative commands to modify the manifest

Author: Fixing
